ServiceNow mirror: fix bug when mirror not started (#33065)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_5_55.md

#### Integrations

##### ServiceNow v2

> - Fixed an issue where mirroring did not work in case mirror fields set direct after ServiceNow ticket is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where mirroring did not update fields that were updated before the creation time of the incident.
```
